Add `osu!mania 7K World Cup 2024: Round of 24 Recap` news post (#10841)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-01-26-mwc-7k-ro24-summary.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu!mania 7K World Cup 2024: Round of 24 Recap"
date: 2024-01-26 15:00:00 +0000
---

> The osu!mania 7K World Cup begins! Stay updated as participants start revving up their engines to maintain their momentum along the remainder of the tournament.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The osu!mania 7K World Cup begins! Stay updated as participants start revving up their engines to maintain their momentum for the remainder of the tournament.
```

![](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2024_7K/img/mwc7k2024-banner.jpg)

> Continuing on from the osu! World Cup recaps, you can once more expect a summary of the latest and greatest of MWC, made possible by community members just like you! This year, **for the first time ever**, the tournament kicked off with a Round of 24! Due to increased interest from various countries that have both applied and qualified, we have been blessed with an extra round and exciting matches straight away!

Reviewer 2: would be nice to link to an owc recap here
```suggestion
Continuing on from the osu! World Cup [recaps](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2023-11-28-osu-world-cup-2023-finals-recap), you can once more expect a summary of the latest and greatest of MWC, made possible by community members just like you! This year, **for the first time ever**, the tournament kicked off with a Round of 24! Due to increased interest from various countries that have both applied and qualified, we have been blessed with an extra round and exciting matches straight away!
```

Author: Can be done. Any reason to choose Finals over the first recap or the final one? Not sure if it was chosen for anything in particular. Otherwise, any hyperlink works really.

Reviewer 2: used the most recent recap.

Author: It is what it is. Using the most recent, users can find the others with relative ease.

Before getting into the highlight matches, let's quickly reflect (or familiarise) ourselves with the Round of 24 mappool.

> ### Mappool showcase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Mappool showcase
```

> [**View the VOD here!**](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2032775000)

Author: I like the idea.

> [**View the VOD here!**](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2032775000)

Reviewer 3: Sure

[**Download the pool here! (50 MB)**](https://packs.ppy.sh/P233%20-%20osu!mania%207K%20World%20Cup%202024%3A%20Round%20of%2024.zip)

> With a new tournament comes a suite of new custom beatmaps for everyone to enjoy! This time around, the mapping team is making active efforts to ensure some of these picks are available to be Ranked after the tournament ends. Stay tuned for all [osu! originals](/wiki/osu!_originals) that are up to come — you may see them Ranked earlier than you think so!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With a new tournament comes a suite of new custom beatmaps for everyone to enjoy! This time around, the mapping team is making active efforts to ensure some of these picks are available to be Ranked after the tournament ends. Stay tuned for all [osu! originals](/wiki/osu!_originals) that are up to come — you may see them Ranked earlier than you'd think so!
```

> With a new tournament comes a suite of new custom beatmaps for everyone to enjoy! This time around, the mapping team is making active efforts to ensure some of these picks are available to be Ranked after the tournament ends. Stay tuned for all [osu! originals](/wiki/osu!_originals) that are up to come — you may see them Ranked earlier than you'd think so!

Author: Last sentence was moreso meant to infer that these picks are actively being worked on so they can be ranked ASAP. Meant to excite readers rather than re-stating what has been said before. How about something like:
```suggestion
With a new tournament comes a suite of new custom beatmaps for everyone to enjoy! This time around, the mapping team is making active efforts to ensure some of these picks are available to be ranked after the tournament ends. Stay tuned for all [osu! originals](/wiki/osu!_originals) that are up to come — you'll be able to play them in no time!
```

Otherwise, we ditch the last part as suggested.

> With a new tournament comes a suite of new custom beatmaps for everyone to enjoy! This time around, the mapping team is making active efforts to ensure some of these picks are available to be Ranked after the tournament ends. Stay tuned for all [osu! originals](/wiki/osu!_originals) that are up to come — you may see them Ranked earlier than you'd think so!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a new tournament comes a suite of new custom beatmaps for everyone to enjoy! This time around, the mapping team is making active efforts to ensure some of these picks are available to be ranked after the tournament ends. Stay tuned for all [osu! originals](/wiki/osu!_originals) that are up to come — soon right in your beatmap collection!
```

> ### Match highlights

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Match highlights
```

We may just be getting started, but we already had a few matches that are worth highlighting take place.

### ::{ flag=BR }:: Brazil vs. ::{ flag=PT }:: Portugal

[**View the VOD here!**](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2038389122)

Brazil vs. Portugal was a match that went as one would have expected on paper, but there is one thing during this match that we would like to highlight.

> Almost every single 7K tournament player in the recent years have that one annoying skill set to deal with. Usually, early-stage LN coordination charts (The "Oh boy, 2* in the pool!" trap) faces the fate of being the most banned chart in a mappool. In this match, however, the stars aligned in such a way that LN coordination was left as an open option.

Author: ```suggestion
Almost every single 7K tournament player in recent years has that one annoying skill set to deal with. Usually, early-stage LN coordination charts (The "Oh boy, 2* in the pool!" trap) faces the fate of being the most banned chart in a mappool. In this match, however, the stars aligned in such a way that LN coordination was left as an open option.
```

Better to use `has` as it's not referring to players as a collective, but rather each distinct individual?

> Almost every single 7K tournament player in the recent years have that one annoying skill set to deal with. Usually, early-stage LN coordination charts (The "Oh boy, 2* in the pool!" trap) faces the fate of being the most banned chart in a mappool. In this match, however, the stars aligned in such a way that LN coordination was left as an open option.

Reviewer: you're perfectly correct, did not catch that

> Portugal was down 4—0 coming into their third pick of the match, with only a limited amount of options left to turn the match around. ::{ flag=PT }:: [Rodrig0v](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/138866), their team captain, made the decision to exhaust the LN pool and selected the notorious LN1 chart, [Mitsukiyo - Theme_37](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2119592#mania/4452483). Clocking in at 69 BPM, and with only 313 long notes, absolutely no one can afford any misses. The chart started and everyone's combos and accuracies started dropping like flies except for one person holding on (literally!). It was Rodrig0v who is doing more than enough to give Portugal that sweet, sweet advantage. While Brazil will eventually have an S-rank score coming from ::{ flag= BR }:: [LothusFangirl](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4685756), it wasn't enough to cover for the heroics made by Portugal's captain.

Reviewer: what exactly is the map notorious for?

Author: Lower end LN coordination has always been deceptively hard. It received the most amount of bans, [achieved the lowest average score and accuracy by a landslide](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_xrYtyZ68mQpsfc7q9CVetV9E9BYxyj7Wg28w1d3esY/edit#gid=1554219608), and all of this while being just a 2.07* beatmap.

Both teams were put in a very difficult position given the remaining charts in the pool, ending up in a tiebreaker scenario on [Massive New Krew - Majestic 12](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2119554#mania/4452392), that resulted in the Russians winning the match 5—4.

### ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom vs. ::{ flag=DE }:: Germany

[**View the VOD here!**](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2039449910)

The United Kingdom versus Germany match was a sight to behold! With similarly placed seeds, everyone expected everyone to fight tooth and nail in order to gain an advantage over their rivals.

From the very beginning, the teams didn't fear to show their preferred skill sets. While the United Kingdom banned a Long Note pick and picked a Rice one subsequently, Germany did the exact opposite. These biases were shown all throughout the match, as these teams stuck to their strong suits.

> The match then began with [seatrus - Raindrop](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2119535#mania/4452365) where Germany managed to squeeze their first point thanks to their consistency despite the early miss. Little did they know this aforementioned consistency was going to be what would uplift their lead for the rest of the match! The advantage Germany gained thanks to their LN picks and ::{ flag = DE }:: [TsukiyaWhiskers](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12598261)' amazing performance throughout the match would unfortunately seal the deal as the United Kingdom was not able to maintain their leads.

Reviewer: variation

```suggestion
The match then began with [seatrus - Raindrop](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2119535#mania/4452365) where Germany managed to squeeze their first point thanks to their consistency despite the early miss. Little did they know this aforementioned consistency was going to be what would uplift their lead for the rest of the match! The advantage Germany gained thanks to their LN picks and ::{ flag=DE }:: [TsukiyaWhiskers](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12598261)' amazing performance throughout the match would unfortunately seal the deal as team United Kingdom was not able to maintain their leads.
```

> Alas, this was no stomp by any stretch of the imagination. The United Kingdoms's performance was admirable. And while they weren't able to secure a point, they managed to put Germany on check more than a few times. And [Y.W - Freshness Vacation](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2119550#mania/4452388) was a testament to that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alas, this was no stomp by any stretch of the imagination. The United Kingdoms's performance was admirable, and while they weren't able to secure a point, they managed to put Germany on check more than a few times. [Y.W - Freshness Vacation](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2119550#mania/4452388) was a testament to that.
```

> Shout-outs to ::{ flag = DE }:: [sinkip](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4373641) for playing the entire match [with a BMS controller](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2039250337?t=04h05m49s)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shout-outs to ::{ flag=DE }:: [sinkip](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4373641) for [playing the entire match with a BMS controller](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2039250337?t=04h05m49s)!
```

---

> Things are already heating up in this year's rendition of the MWC7K! The North American clash from OWC's Quarterfinals between the USA and Canada is continuing on in MWC7K, so that should be fun to watch. Australia also has some returning players that will surely have an impact on their match versus Brazil, so be sure to check that match out as well!

Reviewer 2: minor but thoughts on also using flags next to country names here?

Author: Hasn't been done when they were mentioned in the highlights. Though I understand having them in the conclusion would be more eye catching than without it.

Reviewer: no <.<

Author: No it is.

> Make sure to read the [wiki article](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2024_7K) for more information, and check out the [osulive Twitch channel](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) to stay tuned with the up-and-coming matches!

Reviewer: "up-and-coming" is not the same as "upcoming"

```suggestion
Make sure to to keep the [wiki article](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2024_7K) bookmarked as it will be updated regularly with the latest schedule, and check out the [osulive Twitch channel](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) to stay tuned with the upcoming matches!
```
